About us:
NETOPIA, leader on the local market in the payment industry in the electronic environment/ communication and SMS marketing, we have over 19 years of experience and operate in a very dynamic and constantly changing field.
We pride ourselves on being pioneers in this field and constantly seek to offer the most competitive and innovative online and offline transaction collection solutions.
We believe that in addition to the latest technology used, we cannot innovate in the field of eCommerce without a team that is actively involved in improving the solutions offered and internal processes.

Role and Responsibilities:
We are looking for a colleague for the position of (Junior) Technical Customer Support Specialist, ambitious analytical and customer oriented with 1+ years of experience in the Customer Support department to help us offer high class support to current or potential partners and/or their development teams for the integration of NETOPIA solutions.

You will deal with but not limited to:
Identification, investigation and resolution of technical support requests received from customers;
Providing solutions to problems that are often standard or routine;
Registration and management of assigned cases in CRM;
Adding and updating knowledge base records;
Providing excellent customer support services;
Other ad hoc tasks as needed.

What we are looking for:
Higher education studies;
Relevant professional experience in Technical Customer Support of at least 1 year;
Concentrated distributive and attention to detail;
Customer orientation Exceptional written and verbal communication skills;
Analytical spirit focusing on meeting objectives and meeting project deadlines;
Familiarity with the world of online payments/ e-commerce/ IT (constitutes an advantage);
Basic to intermediate level programming knowledge (constitutes an advantage).

What we offer:
Positive work environment in the get-things-done spirit;
A dynamic workspace in continuous evolution;
Ability to learn innovative payment concepts in a professional environment;
Professional Development;
Hybrid Work System: 1 working day from the office / 4 working days from home weekly (This policy applies after the first month of the trial period).

You are interested)?
Send us your CV along with details about your professional experience to: mihaela@netopia.ro. We wait you in our team!

*The processing of personal data in the recruitment process for the purpose of employment is processed by NETOPIA according to the GDPR Information Note available at this link: https://netopia-payments.com/nota-de-informare-gdpr-recrutare/