CABIN CREW – ROMANIA
BUCHAREST (OTOPENI) CLUJ-NAPOKA IASI CRAIOVA SIBIU TIMISOARA BACAU SUCEAVA

Have you ever dreamed of a unique place of work while being on the go and meeting new people? We have good news for you: our Cabin Crew life is just like that!
We are continuously searching for positive energetic and motivated candidates for flight attendant/cabin crew positions to join our award-winning team.

WIZZ NETWORK
We have over 200 destinations in more than 50 countries and we are still growing!
Our Cabin Crew live and work in 40 cities in 16 countries: Albania Austria Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Cyprus Georgia Hungary Italy Lithuania North Macedonia Moldova Poland Romania Serbia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom.

JOIN OUR RECRUITMENT DAY!
Recruitment Day is a 1-day assessment which is the first step of your career at Wizz Air.
We are constantly recruiting – browse through the upcoming events nearest to you (check the list below online registration is required).

RECRUITMENT PROCESS
Recruitment day registration (on WIZZ career website mandatory)
Recruitment Day assessment including:
Short personal introduction
Situational roleplay
Team play
Personal interview
Company presentation (company introduction employment conditions development opportunities)
Recruitment results
Cabin Crew Training for successful candidates

RECRUITMENT DAY good to knows:
Read the requirements listed below as your compliance will be checked during the recruitment event.
Arrive on time and be prepared that the recruitment process might take until late afternoon.
Please be advised that you may join any recruitment event regardless of the base you are applying for.

Working as a Wizz Air flight attendant you will:
Focus on both safety and customer care
Perform onboard and ground duties in compliance with the Company’s policies
Manage in-flight sales and money handling
Welcome passengers and help them during the flight
Act in accordance with our values: dedication inclusivity positivity integrity sustainability
Be part of a new family of more than 6000 aviation enthusiasts

Requirements:
You are aged 18 or over
Your arm reach is of 210 cm while standing on tiptoes
You have high school degree
You are fluent – written and spoken – in English and in an additional European language (either Romanian Bulgarian Polish Hungarian German Italian Lithuanian Latvian Slovak Czech Macedonian Serbian Ukrainian Georgian or Bosnian)
You have a valid passport without limitations (valid for minimum 6 months)
You are able to swim
You live or are ready to move within 60 minutes of your chosen base and prepared to make this journey upon work schedule
You don’t have tattoos and/or piercing on parts of the body that are visible when wearing uniform
You are an enthusiastic person who likes working with people
Please note that if you wear glasses or contact lenses and your prescription is above +4 or below -4 you are unlikely to pass the mandatory medical examination

What can we offer:

Perks and benefits: labour contract competitive salary social security & work insurance complete and free Cabin Crew training free tickets based on experience employee discounted tickets paid holiday free uniform free crew meal
Career development opportunities at one of the fastest growing airlines
Work-life balance: no layovers - opportunity to lead normal life in your home town flexible roster possibility to swap duties/working days vs. OFF days

Wizz Air Culture:
SPORT EVENTS: Wizz Air Half Marathons and other running events
BASE EVENTS: several local team building events
WORK & TRAVEL: opportunity to work at different Wizz Air bases upon need/request
WORK ON SPECIAL/VIP FLIGHTS: special charter flights VIP flights

Follow Us:
Wizz Air Facebook
Wizz Air Instagram
Wizz Air LinkedIn

CHECK OUR UPCOMING RECRUITMENT DAYS AND APPLY (registration on WIZZ career website is mandatory please go through "apply" button).