Who we are

KPMG is one of the world’s leading providers of Audit Tax and Advisory services.
At KPMG we run our firm just as effectively as we support and strengthen our clients’ businesses. That means hiring talented people to help develop and manage our brand publish our thought leadership control our finances run our IT infrastructure and support our professionals in the field.

Why KPMG?

We place significant emphasis on our people and their life context fostering the KPMG culture with our values energy and trust.
Being part of KPMG means having the chance to work with many supportive and talented people who are willing to share their experience & expertise with you. We also put technology at the heart of our daily activities by exploring new innovative approaches and encouraging our people to be groundbreaking in their thinking.

Our aim is to attract young talented graduates with a diverse range of academic backgrounds to become part of KPMG in one of our Advisory teams such as: Internal Audit Actuarial Risk & Regulatory Accounting Services Forensic Financial Modelling Valuation Technology or Management Consulting.

As part of our team you will have the opportunity to get involved in challenging projects acquire expertise while working in multiple industries work with experienced advisory professionals and improve your skills knowledge and capabilities by on-the-job and structured training. In this role you will get to know what it means to be a professional consultant and you be able to pursue a career path that best matches your personality skills and interests.

Candidate’s Profile

Making the right career choice is important. Finding the right place to do that is essential.
Are you a young professional looking for a great start to your career?
#comeasyouare We are Open for Talent!

Requirements

Recent university graduate (Romanian or foreign universities) in Economics Finance Technology Mathematics IT Law or a related discipline with a strong academic record
Fluency in both Romanian and English
Good communication and presentation skills both verbally and in writing
Strong analytical and quantitative skills
Curiosity and a lifelong learning mindset
Out of the box thinking
EQ
To be tech-savvy
Good judgment & decision-making skills
Business-oriented attitude creativity and assertiveness
To be a good team player who takes ownership of their actions.

Responsibilities

To work on one or more project topics under the supervision of experienced advisory professionals;
To conduct and document meetings and interviews with clients or other parties involved in the project;
To use several methods to conduct research activities;
To organize and analyze data and prepare presentations and other deliverables for clients;
To be able to analyze a business problem from various angles and develop preliminary hypotheses as to its cause.

Recruitment Process

Recent graduate? We are waiting for your application!
There are several opportunities to join the firm whether you have professional experience or no experience at all.

KPMG in Romania offers you:

The chance to work in a professional environment exceptional opportunities for career growth as well as a strong learning and development culture. We’ll do everything we can to help you fulfill your potential through various training courses and additional professional qualifications.
A fast paced environment and a diverse team with great mentoring opportunities.
An attractive remuneration package.
A combination of great jobs to work on.
Great colleagues to work with.
Good career advancement opportunities.
A flexible workplace and work environment.

Working at KPMG is also about happy people and an internal culture that supports employees in following their passions through various activities and events. We also have numerous benefits to support your health a flexible working schedule and many more advantages.

Confidentiality
Confidentiality will be ensured to protect the interests of applicants.
Only preselected candidates will be invited to an interview.