Company Description

Are You Looking For a Fun Place to Work? Join The Game!

Joining our game means being part of a top innovator in the gaming field. Gameloft® is a leader in the development and publishing of games creating them for all digital platforms with an astonishing audience of 80 million monthly users. Our catalog includes every genre and our games are as varied as we are. We operate our own established franchises such as Asphalt® Order & Chaos Modern Combat and Dungeon Hunter and also partner with major rights holders including Universal Illumination Entertainment Disney® Marvel® Hasbro® Fox Digital Entertainment Mattel® and Ferrari®.

We distribute our games in over 100 countries and employ 4300 people worldwide. We embrace challenges and are always ready for the next big thing. Not convinced yet?

We have partnerships with high schools and universities all over the world and we support their activity by sharing knowledge and mentoring future professionals. We know the importance of knowledge sharing in order to build healthy and smart future generations. We grow talent and we push to be an example for youngsters by regularly hosting seminars for students workshops for highschoolers and teachers. So what do you say? Are you ready to be not just another face behind a computer screen but a Gamelofter working in a supportive environment who gets involved and gives back to the community?

Job Description

Gameloft Bucharest Programmatic Advertising team is looking for a QA & Support who proud himself/herself on adding value to our internal processes and activities. We need your focus dedicated on making sure that the quality of the Advertising content delivered to our users follows the greatest standards.

You will be a part of a creative team that is responsible for all aspects of the ongoing software development from the initial specification through to developing testing and launching.

Is this you? Then apply!

More motivation needed?

You will make sure that the creatives web services systems and tools that will enable thousands and hundreds of thousands of international customers to taste a flavor of Gameloft Advertising content follow the needed standard of quality.

You will also be directly involved in offering support toward our dedicated Business team deals.

Qualifications

Responsibilities

Review the Advertising content delivered to our users. Daily check of a pre-defined number of ads directly into our games (using Gameloft provided devices phones or tablets);
Review the tools and systems under development;
Offering support towards our Business team for the current deals investigations. Staying in permanent contact with our Sales Team Representatives/Agencies in order to offer any information needed (traffic estimation creative review deal status etc.). Most of the communication is done via Email Skype Slack and internal tools. Live calls can also occur;
Actively collaborate with foreign colleagues having as result a great experience for our Gameloft advertising consumers.

Requirements

Very organized;
Oriented toward following internal procedures;
Oriented toward offering support;
Motivated responsible and independent;
Ability to maintain a good quality for your work under stress;
Motivated to deal with routine work when necessary;
Good English skills both speaking and writing;
Good Microsoft Office skills (XLS especially).

It's considered a plus if you have

Previous QA Experience;
Previous Customer Support experience;
JIRA – Issues and Project tracking experience.

Additional Information

Why join us

You want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing!
You want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers!
You want to join a global company and meet great people around the world!
Or just because you're looking for a fun place to work!

What Gameloft Bucharest can offer you even more?

Hybrid Work program available.
Day off for your birthday and company’s anniversary;
Free psychological counseling.
Medical insurance package in partnership with Regina Maria Clinic.
Lunch tickets.
Supportive working climate a team with a free communication style.
A chance to work in a real multicultural environment.

Join our survey

As part of our Recruitment process we would like to know more about your interests when applying in Gameloft via this survey

Your honest answers will have no impact on whether you will get the job or not. They will only be used to support our continuous efforts to match our Employer brand with our candidate’s expectations.