Main Duties Responsibilities and Accountabilities

Search collection of offers and processing for approval by management
Guest list compilation booking accommodation travel arrangements communicating the details with all participants
Event program arrangements contracting partners and negotiating special prices coordination and communication of the details with the partners
Coordination of the event branding agenda coordination requests handling etc.
Establish and maintain contacts with service providers such as hotels restaurants catering agencies event management companies etc
Coordination with the internal finance team 3rd parties and colleagues; approvals collection; expense reporting. (CBRE Client teams)
Support of clients and external partners when attending Client's organized events etc.
Managing the meeting room booking system in the calendar approving booking requests
Arranging appointments for lunch dinner etc. outside the office
Ordering taxis giving taxi cards if needed
Fill out the xls sheets for a new vendor (CBRE)
Prepare PO-s for activities (CBRE Client)
Give information to vendors about their invoices
In case of English language support is needed at the reception the office coordinator must help. Take the English telephone calls instead of the receptionist.
Issuing company documents maintaining company registers handling incoming and outgoing correspondence
Providing exact written translations (English/Romanians) of internal company materials and correspondence.
Payments on behalf of Client; invoice processing; coordination with the internal finance team
3rd parties and colleagues; approvals collection; expense reporting.
Fill out the xls sheets for a new vendor and send to Prague
Fill out the xls sheets as prepared on the Vendor set up send it to the procurement team
Follow vendor spend
Scan arrange all necessary invoices papers Register all similar same documents into files tables (CBRE and Client's documents)
Ordering stationery kitchen supplies means for hygiene from different suppliers
Managing All CBRE team members works in the Client's/Bucharest office (Timesheets holiday expenses)
Help to fulfil CBRE/Client QHSE (Quality Health Safety and Environment) requirement
Collect data from Vendors
Collect energy data from Landlord etc.
Qualifications:

Customer focused highly motivated proactive and show great initiative to keep the office running smoothly.
Demonstrates and encourages ownership of service and proactive behaviours in self and team.
Champions employee experience initiatives resulting in a highly engaged team. Excel in their individual and team contribution to KPI's and consistently delivers exceptional customer experiences building on flawless fundamentals. Engages in self and team development and seeks service improvements always putting safety first. Embraces change initiatives in close collaboration with team members encouraging the same of direct reports.
Preferred FM related qualifications including QHSE desirable IOSH qualification in health & safety or equivalent
Fluency in written and spoken English language
Strong interpersonal written and verbal communication skills
Good People Management skills prioritizes team workload whilst encouraging team development
Possess a high level of IT literacy
Supports team members with decisions on routine matters encouraging innovative solutions instills team ownership and pride
A strong understanding of good health & safety practices and promotes a strong Health & Safety culture
Good understanding of building management systems and processes. Awareness of the facilities management industry
Basic financial awareness