Position Summary
Who are we?

Right across the Pipera metro station the Shared Services Centre was established in 2016 to support Samsung subsidiaries across Europe with Financial Customer Service and HR processes.

Role and Responsibilities
What is the role about?

You will be part of a new team that will manage Cashback related processes for Samsung customers across Europe. This position has primary ownership of ensuring that all cashback payments and associated reporting are completed on schedule and follow established procedures and policies.
In this role you will mainly be responsible for the following activities:
Develop or update standard operating procedures
Collaborate with different stakeholders to ensure timely completion of project deliverables
Perform a series of pre-defined checks over the documents submitted by Samsung customers
Document and evaluate customer submissions for cashback requests
Create claims and process payments
Act as escalation point for complex issues
Take ownership of customers issues and follow problems through to resolution

Skills and Qualifications
Your profile:
Must be a University student or graduate
Proficiency in English (German French or other languages would be considered a plus)
Excellent eye for details and curiosity to investigate
Flexibility / adaptability to cope with a dynamic working environment and a new project setup
Customer orientation and great communication skills to interact with a variety of clients

Why is Samsung SSC Europe the place to be?
The future that we wish to create begins with our employees. We invite YOU to shape the future with us. Being one of the best in the industry comes with hard work but we also make it rewarding through:
- Meal tickets (15 RON / day)
- Lunch bonus in addition to meal tickets (160 RON net)
- 25 vacation days per year
- Private medical subscription
- Discount to Samsung products
- Support for continuous learning via in-class online trainings and books (Bookster subscription)
- Gym subscription (WorldClass or Mymotric)
- Daily fresh fruits in the office
- Fun team buildings & team events

Please note that this job will be on an outsourced contract - 3 months

* Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy which defaults according to your location at: https://account.samsung.com/membership/policy/privacy. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. If you are European Economic Resident please click here: http://ghrp.europe-samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html.