THE OPPORTUNITY

We are currently recruiting an experienced secretary to join our highly qualified dynamic team in Bucharest. You will be responsible for assisting the lawyers in the management of their day-to-day workload thus enabling them to focus on providing legal services to clients. You will have the skills knowledge and attributes to work flexibly within our fast moving and changing environment.

This is a role for a proactive self-motivated enthusiastic and a professional individual who thrives on delivering results.

MAIN DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Work collaboratively with the rest of the secretarial team to provide comprehensive secretarial and administrative support taking ownership and ensuring the work is executed in the most efficient and appropriate way
Ensure interface with people from outside the company
Proactively manage and maintain fee earner diaries and contacts; coordinate meetings with internal and external clients ensure all work activities are scheduled effectively
Deal with external and internal telephone calls and queries in a professional manner and relay messages to the relevant person
Amend and format documents using the in-house style in all produced documents
Draft daily correspondence prepare and produce various materials for conferences meetings and other events
File management: opening and closing of files archiving and ensuring that all relevant documents are filed electronically and paper based when required
Managing the billing process using the internal financial system. Enter the lawyer time recordings. Create bills register disbursements amend narratives request for inter-office bills and liaise with international offices where necessary
Ensure information flow between the firm and external clients as well as between their lawyers and the other firm’s departments
Offer assistance to other colleagues (lawyers or business support staff) when workload is high

This job description is not designed to be exhaustive and can be varied as required to develop or fulfil this role.

ABOUT YOU

Native Romanian speaker with good command of English (verbal and written)
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Good verbal and listening communications skills; positive 'can do' attitude
Strong at prioritising and dealing efficiently with multiple tasks
Ability to manage a high workload and meet tight deadlines
Proactive and able to use initiative and work with minimal supervision
Excellent attention to detail; ability to work quickly and accurately under pressure
Ability to work co-operatively in a team sharing information and knowledge
Experience in working for international companies is nice to have
Enthusiasm to learn and develop oneself are highly appreciated

OUR VALUES

In everything we do connected with our People our Clients and our Communities we live by these values:

Be Supportive - we are compassionate and inclusive valuing diversity and act thoughtfully
Be Collaborative - we are proactive passionate team players investing in our relationships
Be Bold - we are fearless and inquisitive challenging ourselves to think big and find creative new solutions
Be Exceptional - we are strategic and driven exceeding standards and expectations

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

At DLA Piper diversity and inclusion underpins how we live our values and everything we do. We believe that everyone has a voice and that everyone’s voice counts. We know that the rich diversity across our firm makes us stronger more innovative and creative which helps us to better serve our clients and communities. We are committed to providing an inclusive working environment and culture across our global firm where everyone can bring their authentic self to work.

Diversity of perspective thought background and culture combine to make us the leading global law firm; that’s why we actively seek to build balanced teams. We welcome the unique contribution that you will bring to our firm and actively encourage applications from all talented people – however your talent is packaged whatever your background or circumstance and regardless of how you identify.

We support anyone with a disability or long term health condition to ensure they have the opportunity to perform at their best. If you have not done so already please let us know if you require any support so we can make the right adjustments and considerations should they be required.

AGILE WORKING

We know that people have responsibilities and interests outside of their career and that as a business we all benefit from working flexibly. That's why we are open to discussing with candidates the different ways in which we are able to support requests for agile working arrangements.

PRE-ENGAGEMENT SCREENING

In the event that we make an offer to you and where local legislation permits we will conduct pre-engagement screening checks that may include but are not limited to your professional and academic qualifications your eligibility to work in the relevant jurisdiction any criminal records your financial stability and references from previous employers.