A snapshot of your day

You will be the contact person for all user inquiries regarding capacity planning

How You’ll Make An Impact

Evaluation definition and implementation of interfaces to various tools within the scope of digitization requirements
Support implementation of the required capacity planning process and permanent further development
Process monitoring and improvement of capacity planning collaboration with international capacity planning community
As a power user capacity planning tool you will take over administrative tasks within the tool landscape

What You Bring

Bachelor's degree or equivalent education
At least 1 years of experience in capacity resource or scheduling planning
Strong computer skills are required including Microsoft Office basic SAP skills and database applications (SQL).
Team player accurate work high level of initiative and flexibility
Assertiveness including the ability to make consistent decisions
Communication skills and stakeholder management
Business fluent in English

Your opportunities for personal growth

This is a new position in our group and therefore an opportunity to pave the way
Possibility to engage in various new technologies which will provide rich opportunities for continuous development and learning.
Strong professional support and working with colleagues from different cultures and backgrounds all around the world.
To be part of a growing function with a dynamic informal and inspiring working environment in a position that entails a large responsibility.

Check out this video to see what we do Here !

About The Team

"Let’s make tomorrow different today" is our genuine commitment at Siemens Energy to all customers and employees on the way to a sustainable future.

In our Business Unit Generation we offer a broad portfolio of cutting-edge technologies services and solutions for centralized and decentralized energy production.

Within our Solution Organization we work on customized solutions for power plants whether it is the most efficient conventional power generation industrial application for process steam or heat generation hybrid solutions including renewable energy and their integration or making big steps toward decarbonation with hydrogen producing plants or environmentally friendly power generation on ships and barges.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 92000 dedicated employees we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable reliable and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization new technologies and energy transformation.

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background gender age religion identity or disability. We energize society all of society and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Jobs & Careers: https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs