Be part of our team! Join an organization that ensures a more secure world through connecting and protecting our customers with inventive electrical solutions.

In This Position You Will Get To

WHAT YOU WILL EXPERIENCE IN THIS POSITION:

Technical

Prepare design plan concept and layout for motion graphic project.
Ability to work on a written script and produce motion graphic videos based on it.
Design and create attractive motion graphics for video deliverables.
Assist in selecting audio video colors animation etc. for graphic design.
Research and analyze best design techniques and solutions to create motion graphics.
Assist in designing and creating storyboards.
Working experience in 3D modeling/Texturing/Lighting/Animation and 2D illustrations.
To establish and continuously pursue new design graphic infographic and video editing techniques.
To ensure creation of technical 3D animation for product and applications (industrial and commercial).
Participate in brainstorming session to share new design perspectives and ideas.
Ensure compliance with company guidelines deadlines and design standards.
Proven experience in Project Management.

General

To coordinate with the marketing communication team to understand their requirements of designs and fulfilling them.
To coordinate with global teams to work on various projects ensuring timely and quality delivery of projects.
To ensure compliance with and proper execution of brand communication while adhering to standards and processes.
To ensure have insight and understanding of technical details.
To ensure have good knowledge of industrial and commercial segments.
To maintain quality control in regard to file preparation (naming folder management).
To maintain image database and file archive through DAM system.
To creatively seek out new products and maintain cutting-edge industry knowledge.
Professional with a can-do attitude.

You Have
Academic background of University Graduate or Post Graduate Diploma in the areas of Project Management or related field.
Previous experience of 5 to 8 Years’ in Animation Studio/Advertising Agency/B2B marketing communication environment.
Tools and Software:
3D Max (V-ray)
KeyShot
Adobe After Effects
Photoshop
Adobe Premier CC
Adobe Illustrator CC
Other animation video editing and rendering software.
We Have
A dynamic global reach with diverse operations around the world that will stretch your abilities provide plentiful career opportunities and allow you to make an impact every day
We are a $2.5 billion high-performance electrical company with a dedicated team of 9500+ people and trusted brands such as CADDY ERICO HOFFMAN RAYCHEM SCHROFF and TRACER. Known for innovation quality and reliability our products connect and protect consistently delivering value to industrial commercial residential energy and infrastructure customers.
Commitment to strengthen communities where our employees live and work
We encourage and support the philanthropic activities of our employees worldwide
Through our nVent in Action matching program we provide funds to nonprofit and educational organizations where our employees volunteer or donate money
Core values that shape our culture and drive us to deliver the best for our employees and our customers. We’re known for being:
Innovative & adaptable
Dedicated to absolute integrity
Focused on the customer first
Respectful and team oriented
Optimistic and energizing
Accountable for performance
Benefits to support the lives of our employees
site
At nVent we connect and protect our customers with inventive electrical solutions. People are our most valuable asset. Inclusion and diversity means that we celebrate and encourage each other’s authenticity because we understand that uniqueness sparks growth.