As our Testing and Incident Handling Specialist you need to test different scenarios and identify if the tests are correct but also monitor and assist with the incidents that are occurring in the environment/software/application.

You will:
Lead testing order projects for onboarding vidaXL as a seller on external online marketplaces and platforms
Implement the testing planning for orders and perform daily reporting and operational tasks within the aggregator team related to orders
Work on the improvement of existing order integrations in coordination with the PO
Conduct E2E/UAT testing of new orders integrations before they go live
Create and maintain all documentation related to the incident process. Update the incident process based on changes in the company. Train all involved teams in using the incident process correctly
Regularly evaluate the process usage of involved teams and purpose improvements. Update and adapt the incident process accordingly based on feedback from all involved parties
Assess the business impact of a Major Incident and identifies key team members or teams that should participate in the restoration activities
Collect and analyze incident-based data for team metrics and KPIs
Ensure prioritization of monitoring needs based on past incidents. Create visibility of all improvement points identified in the Incident Management area
We Offer
Naturally you will receive a salary that matches your work experience
Meal tickets
Private medical subscription
20% discount on all vidaXL products
ESX subscription
Opportunities to develop yourself
We Ask

Ability to work well under pressure in a fluid fast-paced team environment and able to respond to changing priorities
Attention to details ability to multitask and take on several projects at once and ability to define priorities independently based on commercial goals. Strong communication skills technical and non-technical.
Pro-active and problem solver person
Microsoft Package Knowledge (Excel Word PPT) API Google Drive knowledge
Experience in testing environments
Fluency in English
Nice to have: Knowledge of e-commerce Aggregators
Why vidaXL
vidaXL is growing faster than the speed of light in the field of e-commerce. We’ve been doubling our figures every year since our foundation in 2013. All of this in our own bold and down-to-earth way. With 30+ webshops 6 international offices and 120 million unique visitors a year that pretty much feels like the right way.
To keep up with our success we take on challenges take chances and try new things every day. We don’t see road bumps as obstacles but as an opportunity to enjoy the sweet sweet smell of victory.
We owe our great success to our great people. That’s why we love to invest in personal growth. By offering the freedom to seize all opportunities you see.
So you can thrive big time and grow XL!
Want to join us?
We look forward to your application! For more information contact our Talent Advisor: Roberta Onescu.
T | (+40) 786 798 476
* An assessment will be part of our recruitment process
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin age or disability