Description:

Employee Services is one of internal departments that deal with day to day office operations and supports employees in administrative issues.

We are looking for an Office Assistant to support our office in Bucharest. You will be responsible for managing the company’s office and day to day life.

If you are a well-organized person with the skills described above join us!

Requirements:

Min. 1 year experience in an administrative position
Familiarity with office tools and software – MS Office and Google docs
Good knowledge of English
Good communication and networking skills
Professional personal presentation
Good organization and planning skills
Attention to details and reliability
Ability to work independently and in a team
Proactive attitude

Job Responsibilities:

Administration of company’s office – taking care of the technical condition of the office and deal with people requests
Mail and post management
Support and supervision over the proper flow of the internal and external documents
Guests reception
Settlements of costs describe cost invoices basic knowledge of accounting invoices registration
Ordering kitchen supplies cooperating with Landlords technical service and external companies etc.
Organizing internal and external meetings
Controlling and issuing of office access cards
Implementation of other business tasks in accordance with the requirements
Cooperate with Healt and Safety teams and vendors

What We Offer

Exciting Projects: Come take your place at the forefront of digital transformation! With clients across all industries and sectors we offer an opportunity to participate in creating market-defining products using the latest technologies.

Collaborative Environment: Expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented people in an open laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!

Work-Life Balance: GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance which is why we offer flexible opportunities and options.

Professional Development: Our dedicated Learning & Development team regularly organizes certification and technical / soft skill training to help you realize your professional goals.

Excellent Benefits: We provide our consultants with competitive compensation and benefits

Fun Perks: We want you to love where you work which is why we host sports classes cultural social and team building activities such as sports competitions and end-of-year corporate parties. Our vibrant offices also include dedicated GL Zones and rooftop decks where you can drink coffee or tea with your colleagues over a game of table football or darts!

About GlobalLogic GlobalLogic is a leader in digital engineering. We help brands across the globe design and build innovative products platforms and digital experiences for the modern world. By integrating experience design complex engineering and data expertise—we help our clients imagine what’s possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital businesses. Headquartered in Silicon Valley GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive communications financial services healthcare and life sciences manufacturing media and entertainment semiconductor and technology industries. GlobalLogic is a Hitachi Group Company operating under Hitachi Ltd. (TSE: 6501) which contributes to a sustainable society with a higher quality of life by driving innovation through data and technology as the Social Innovation Business.