We are looking for skilled individuals to provide best-in-class service in response to our customers’ inbound contacts via chat and e-mail.
You will be working with a top-notch and highly skilled team and you'll be at the forefront of creating amazing customer experiences in a well-established and leading organization within the online gaming industry.

For us it’s very important to have a few skillsets so that you can easily complete our team:
Communication is key;
Attention to detail;
Good negotiation skills and customer focus
Ability to organize your duties;
Teamwork oriented;

Main responsibilities:

Handling all customer queries received via phone chat and email;
Maintaining the highest standards of quality and quantity of responses on all Customer related topics (general account queries gameplay payment and withdrawal queries);
Working according to established standards as part of the Team alongside the Team Leader & Supervisors;
Escalating sensitive cases according to set procedures to relevant departments.

Must Have:

Advanced English both in writing and speaking;
At least a minimum 1-year experience in the Online Gaming Industry;
What you can expect:
Competitive salary package and benefits;
The opportunity to grow in your career with us;
A friendly and talented team that wants you to succeed;
Professional development resources;
Flexible and remote working - long-term options;
Performance bonuses

Who are we?

Our Bucharest-based company provides a broad scope of content for international clients in the gambling industry such as the United Kingdom Canada New Zealand and more.
While we have already established our reputation in the main markets worldwide our portfolio of published websites is quickly expanding.

Our goal? Onward to even more international gambling markets.
Our aim? To be a bank of knowledge for all gambling customers.
Our missing piece? You! (As long as you have an impact you can let your creativity flow)

If this sounds like you drop your CV and be part of our growing family!