BAT is evolving at pace - truly like no other organization.

To achieve the ambition we have set for ourselves we are looking for colleagues who are ready to live our ethos every day. Come be a part of this journey!

SENIORITY LEVEL Intern

FUNCTION Finance

LOCATION Bucharest Romania

ROLE POSITIONING AND OBJECTIVES

The role is responsible for providing accurate data in daily posting of the invoices and overall business support for End Markets.

Reports to Accounts Payable Team Leader

Reporting Level No direct reports

Geographic Scope Regional

What You Will Be Accountable For
Process understanding through New Joiner trainings and shadowing sessions - 100% training completion;
Processing invoices credit notes into the appropriate systems and within the agreed time;
Address ad-hoc requests in a timely accurate and professional manner;
Perform daily /weekly / monthly tasks as per agreed timelines.
CAN THIS BE YOUR FUTURE ROLE?
Are you familiar with Ms. Office (especially Excel)?
Do you like working with numbers?
Essential Experience Skills And Knowledge
Good language skills – English - spoken and written;
Good knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel Outlook);
Ability to learn new things openness to understand & learn the processes and overall business we are operating in BAT;
Open and curious attitude;
Good numerical and analytical skills.
BENEFICIAL
Financial or Accounting studies would be an advantage;
Good knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel Outlook).
BELONGING ACHIEVING TOGETHER

Collaboration diversity and teamwork underpin everything we do here at BAT. We know that collaborating with colleagues from different backgrounds is what makes us stronger and best prepared to meet our business goals. Come bring your difference!

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

This role is a determined contract of 3 months!