About us:
CAPEX.com is a leading multi-licensed global fintech. Our vision is to innovate through a wide range of services and products to educate and satisfy the needs of investors in all classes from small retail to high-net-worth individuals. CAPEX.com operates across the globe through dozens of own and partner offices in Europe Asia South Africa and the Middle East. For the Global HQ located in Bucharest CAPEX.com is looking for an enthusiastic Customer Service Representative with Romanian.

Main responsibilities but not limited to:
Provide world-class service to our client base via chat phone and email.
Represent the company and product at the highest possible level.
Provide insight and feedback on issues trends and bugs to Manager and product team.
In-depth understanding of multiple workflows policies and tools.
Educate our clients on financial instruments and assist them in getting started on the platform.
Schedule and attend meetings.
Stay up to date on the latest financial happenings and major headlines.
Participation in exciting events in our industry (expos seminars etc.).
Investigate written inquiries submitted by our clients using a combination of publicly available material as well as internal systems and departments.
Prepare a written response to client inquiries which will be clear concise and complete.
Ensure all client inquiries are responded to in full including any follow up inquiries.
Ensure that inquiries are responded to in a timely manner consistent with service level commitments.
Offer support and guidance to clients.
Be up to date with legal and regulatory requirements/changes in our industry.
Be up to date with the products strategies business models of our competitors and always on the lookout for the next improvement.

What do you need to know?
Previous customer service experience would be an advantage.
English - conversational level.

What “extra” do you need to be successful?
Strongly oriented towards learning and with a keen eye for detail.
Responsible and ambitious.
With a lot of energy and great communication skills.
Seriously organized and resourceful.


Benefits:
Prime access to international projects.
Support and guidance when settling in.
Friendly working environment alongside talented and dedicated people.
Promotion opportunities.
Specialized in-house training & support.
Play area with the latest PlayStation and Xbox technologies and other means of relaxation.
Friday Specials: Pizza & Cookies Days.
Parties and team-buildings.
Meal tickets.