Job description:

Start the #joy in the Lidl team and apply for our Traineeship program! For 12 months, we provide you with the optimal framework for learning and understanding the business context, offering you the opportunity to get to know one of the central departments in the company and to get actively involved in the ongoing projects. Depending on the performance at the end of the program, we would be happy to have you stay with us.

Together we are Lidl, a top employer both in Romania and in Europe for the sixth consecutive year and we are waiting for you in our team to take the first step in your career with us!

your role
You will manage a group of goods for which you will be directly responsible by selecting products and commercial negotiation with suppliers;
You will monitor the market and the presentation in stores of the assortment from the portfolio in the most innovative/attractive way;
You will be in charge of analyzing and anticipating trends and market development directions for the group of goods you are responsible for;
You will help develop and maintain a high level of quality for these articles.
Our offer
We prepare a personalized tuition plan and a dedicated mentor. Because we reward our employees accordingly, we offer you a motivating salary, meal vouchers and gift vouchers offered on various occasions. Because the health of our employees is very important to us, you will have private medical insurance and accident insurance along with advantageous medical insurance packages for family members. At the same time, depending on your seniority in Lidl, you will receive extra vacation days and a gift day on your birthday.



Profile description:

You have completed higher education;
You know English at an advanced level (written and spoken); knowledge of the German language is an advantage;
You have a category B driver's license;
You pay attention to details, you are very organized and respect deadlines;
You have very good communication skills;
You are an analytical person who shows decision-making power, fairness and initiative.