At ICON it’s our people that set us apart. Our diverse teams enable us to become a better partner to our customers and help us to fulfil our mission to advance and improve patients’ lives.

Our ‘Own It’ culture is driven by four key values that bring us together as individuals and set us apart as an organisation: Accountability & Delivery Collaboration Partnership and Integrity. We want to be the Clinical Research Organisation that delivers excellence to our clients and to patients at every touch-point. In short to be the partner of choice in drug development.

That’s our vision. We’re driven by it. And we need talented people who share it.

If you’re as driven as we are join us. You’ll be working in a dynamic and supportive environment with some of the brightest and the friendliest people in the sector and you’ll be helping shape an industry.

The role

As a Site Management Associate you will be working closely with the wider project team to support the management of investigative sites and ensure that all sites adhere to the requirements and regulations governing Clinical Research. You will receive comprehensive training which will enable you to learn before moving to work on your own studies with continuing support training and mentorship.

You will have the opportunity to work on clinical studies at different stages of the project lifecycle and gain a variety of therapeutic experience. The Site Management Associate supports with  assisting sites during maintenance and closing out sites.

Key responsibilities in this position include:
Working within the framework of the study protocol to assist with the preparation and organisation of investigator and study site materials both at a local and international level.
Working closely with Clinical Team Managers Start-Up Leads and Clinical Research Associates.
Working with the wider PRA project team including Regulatory Contracts and Project Management..
Essential document collection review and maintenance.
Site Management activities and ensuring that all study files and documents are current and complete.

You will be operating as a key part of a global study team and plays a fundamental role in our clients’ drug development processes.

Requirements

Here at ICON we want our employees to succeed and ensure that they are set up for this success through constant training development and support. To enable success in this position you will have:
Prior experience within a clinical medical or healthcare environment and a working knowledge of clinical trials
Understanding of ICH-GCP guidelines and local and international regulatory requirements is essential.
You will be educated to degree level have equivalent experience or be a licensed healthcare professional.
Fluency in English and local language

Benefits of Working in ICON:

Our success depends on the quality of our people. That’s why we’ve made it a priority to build a culture that rewards high performance and nurtures talent.

We offer very competitive salary packages. And to keep them competitive we regularly benchmark them against our competitors. Our annual bonuses reflect delivery of performance goals – both ours and yours.

We also provide a range of health-related benefits to employees and their families and offer competitive retirement plans – and related benefits such as life assurance – so you can save and plan with confidence for the years ahead.

But beyond the competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits you’ll benefit from an environment where you are encouraged to fulfil your sense of purpose and drive lasting change.

ICON is an equal opportunity and inclusive employer and is committed to providing a workplace free of discrimination and harassment. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin disability or protected veteran status.

If because of a medical condition or disability you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process or in order to perform the essential functions of a position please let us know through the form below.