GET TO KNOW US
In 2022 7card was acquired by global player Gympass both wanting to reinvent wellbeing by making it accessible to as many people as possible.
7card is Romania's sports&leisure market leader reaching over 1000 corporate clients. With the help of the 7card subscription companies offer their employees access to a network of 600+ sports and relaxation venues (gyms swimming pools yoga & dance studios climbing gyms squash & tennis courts etc.) in over 55 cities

WHAT MAKES A GYMPASSER?
We are passionate about our mission! Whatever your job title is here you can make a global impact and change people’s lives. At Gympass we collaborate set high achievable goal expectations and focus on the end result. It's a challenging evolving environment that allows you to learn and grow. You will face a disruptive and emerging business model that will push you in several areas with no boundaries for creation and collaboration.

THE OPPORTUNITY
We are looking for a Sales Administrative Specialist to join our Client Sales Department in Bucharest.

YOUR IMPACT
Manage and maintain internal tools and processes (create and update corporate clients’ profiles and agreed commercial conditions)
Responsible for accurate and timely data input in our system of user activation and deactivation requests
Handle corporate clients billing constantly reconcile payments and invoices
Participate in projects to make data-driven decisions on topics including forecasting growth/churn strategy territory optimization process improvement and sales incentive design
Present reports to senior sales leadership
Provide day-to-day support and troubleshooting of issues (support)

WHO YOU ARE
Fluent in English (givens its global scope many meetings are in English)
Analytical skills very good command of Excel (and Google Sheets)
Concise communication (able to credibly and compellingly present and debate recommendations with senior leadership)
Proactive and highly organized
A team player who works collaboratively and effectively across a diverse set of functions backgrounds and working styles
Work experience in Sales Operations or comparable experience and prior experience working with CRM systems are a plus

WHAT WE OFFER YOU
We're a wellness company that is committed to the health and well-being of our employees. Our benefits include:
7CARDS MEMBERSHIP
FLEXIBLE WORK: Choose when and where you work. For most this will be a hybrid office/remote structure but can vary depending on the needs of the role and employee preferences. We offer all employees a home office stipend and a monthly flexible work allowance to cover the costs of working from home.
FLEXIBLE SCHEDULE: We give our employees some flexibility to adjust their working hours letting them adjust their starting time within a range of 3 hours.
PAID TIME OFF: We know how important it is to take time away from work to recharge. Employees receive a minimum of 25 days paid holiday per year with an additional day for each year of tenure (up to 5) in addition to annual holidays (including an extra holiday on your birthday!). And an additional day off for when a bank holiday is happening during the weekend.
BOOKSTER BENEFIT
PARENTAL LEAVE: 100% paid parental leave of 12 weeks to all new parents (of both biological and adopted children regardless of gender and parent's relationship with the co-parent) + 100% paid birth leave of 14 weeks.
CAREER GROWTH: Outstanding opportunities for personal and career growth. That means we maintain a growth mindset in everything we do and invest deeply in employee development.
CULTURE: An exciting and supportive atmosphere with ambitious people from around the world! You’ll partner with global colleagues and share in the success of a high-growth technology company disrupting the health and wellness space. Our value-based culture of trust flexibility and integrity makes this possible every day. Find more info on our careers page!

And to get a glimpse of Life at Gympass… Follow us on Instagram @gympasscareers and LinkedIn!

Diversity Equity and Belonging at Gympass

We aim to create a collaborative supportive and inclusive space where everyone knows they belong. At Gympass we welcome and celebrate your authentic self.

Gympass is committed to creating a diverse work environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race religion color sex gender identity or expression sexual orientation age non-disqualifying physical or mental disability national origin veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law.

Questions on how we treat your personal data? See our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.