Job Description & Summary

A career in Administration and Secretarial Services within Internal Firm Services will give you with the opportunity to provide administrative support to PwC employees. You’ll focus on using business software applications to prepare reports receiving and directing incoming calls or emails to the appropriate parties arranging business travel tracking expenses and coordinating meeting arrangements.

The Opportunity

PwC is seeking for a new colleague to join our Reception team based in Bucharest. We are looking for a positive motivated team-working and responsible person.

Who are we? PwC is one of the leading professional services firm in the world working across three core areas: Assurance Advisory and Tax & Legal Services.

The Role

The Receptionist is the first point of contact for visitors to the office and is responsible for the first impression they have when they enter in the PwC office.
Welcomes visitors by greeting them in person or on the telephone; answering or referring inquiries.
Directs visitors by maintaining employee and department directories; giving instructions.
Takes and delivers messages when appropriate personnel are not available.
Delivers newspapers and meal tickets.
Sorting and distributing post.
Directs persons to the correct destination.
Ensures general administrative and basic clerical support for internal clients (colleagues).
Manages daily couriers and prepares the necessary documents.
Booking meetings and administrate all the reservations for the meeting rooms
Exercises confidentiality discretion and personal sensitivity in all aspects of the role.
Maintains security by following procedures; monitoring logbook.
Maintains safe and clean reception area by complying with procedures rules and regulations.
Maintains continuity among work teams by documenting and communicating actions irregularities and continuing needs.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Always adhere to all company policies procedures and licensing laws.
Deliver excellent customer service at all times.
Deal with all enquiries in a professional and courteous manner in person on the telephone or via e-mail.
Report any maintenance issues immediately to line manager including all furniture fittings and equipment.
Be responsible for evacuation in cases of emergency acting as first point of contact for guests and the emergency services.
Welcome visitors and be a suport for protocol when needed (serving water tea and coffee) and any other requests coming from direct/indirect manager.

What We Are Looking For From a Candidate
Very good command of English is a must;
Ability to communicate clearly and professionally with individuals at all levels;
Very organized person;
Smart and presentable appearance;
Ability to manage multiple tasks;
Communicative team worker client-oriented attitude;
Sense of responsibility and attention to details;
Previous work experience would be a plus.

What We Offer
Flexible working hours - 8 hours/day Monday-Friday in shifts (08:00-17:00; 09:00-18:00; 10:00-19:00).
The chance to work in a professional corporate environment.
The possibility to improve personal skills and abilities (i.e. communication problem solving team work).

Privacy Statement