Responsibilities

As a Procurement Analyst you will be responsible for or processing of supply demands and identifying user needs.

Specifically you will be required to:

Processing of supply demands; identifying user needs
Checking the information provided by the beneficiary
Requesting necessary information for achieving the acquisition
Ensuring the control of the information obtained from the beneficiaries validators suppliers
Tracking the purchasing process from the creation of acquisition until the expedition of the purchase order to the supplier
Creating and updating whenever necessary the database on suppliers products and currencies
Sending and tracking the purchase orders to the final reception and invoice payment

Profile Required

Strong academic record in Finance & Accounting;
Good knowledge of computer usage and related software (Excel Word Acces);
At least a medium level of French.

Why join us

SG GSC is a Great Place to Work® certified company. Here you will find a flexible workplace and culture autonomy constant learning opportunities dynamism and talented people making this experience a real career accelerator. You will also discover all the diversity of our businesses in a sector that is constantly evolving and innovating.

If you feel like ambitiously pursuing your goals then you have come to the right place.

Plus you will enjoy all our benefits:

competitive compensation & remuneration including annual performance bonus;
preventive healthcare plan and group health & life insurance;
wide range of flexible benefits within a monthly budget;
office perks wellbeing and mental health programs;
various social benefits and bonuses for personal or family events;
9-to-5 workday & work-from-home options with enablement bonus at onboarding;
additional paid and unpaid time off including Sabbatical leave;
learning and growth opportunities based on individual development and career plans;
unlimited access to various eLearning resources.

Business insight

We are convinced that people are drivers of change and that the world of tomorrow will be shaped by all their initiatives from the smallest to the most ambitious.

Whether you’re joining us for a period of months years or your entire career together we can have a positive impact on the future. Creating daring innovating and taking action are part of our DNA.

If you too want to be directly involved grow in a stimulating and caring environment feel useful on a daily basis and develop or strengthen your expertise you will feel right at home with us!

Still hesitating?

You should know that our employees can dedicate several days per year to solidarity actions during their working hours including sponsoring people struggling with their orientation or professional integration participating in the financial education of young apprentices and sharing their skills with charities. There are many ways to get involved.