Responsibilities

The Training Analyst manages the MyLearning application managing the training catalogue within the perimeter of Société Générale ensuring quality services for clients in accordance with the standards and working procedures specific to the activity carried out.

Specifically you will be required to:

Treat all requests received through the ticketing system according to the SLA agreed with the client;
Ensure the creation and update of the course offer in the MyLearning application at the level of the entire Société Générale group
Ensure the implementation of the principles of catalogue management qualify the requests received from internal clients identify and propose the trainings already existing in the catalogue and which can correspond to the client's needs
Pilot the offer in the MyLearning application follow the course offer adapt and update the processes and procedures of the activity it carries out
Ensure the generation of reports on the evolution of the training catalogue and of the activity carried out
Identify opportunities to improve one's own performance and training process systems and tools.

Profile Required

Fluent in French and English (B1-B2 level);
Advanced level of MS Office knowledge especially MS Excel;
Good knowledge of the MyLearning application or a similar LMS tool;
Experience in delivering training using online platforms;
Ability to analyse and synthesize information;
Detail oriented person with good organizational skills;
Good time management and organization of daily activity.

Why join us

SG GSC is a Great Place to Work® certified company. Here you will find a flexible workplace and culture autonomy constant learning opportunities dynamism and talented people making this experience a real career accelerator. You will also discover all the diversity of our businesses in a sector that is constantly evolving and innovating.

If you feel like ambitiously pursuing your goals then you have come to the right place.

Plus you will enjoy all our benefits:

competitive compensation & remuneration including annual performance bonus;
preventive healthcare plan and group health & life insurance;
wide range of flexible benefits within a monthly budget;
office perks wellbeing and mental health programs;
various social benefits and bonuses for personal or family events;
9-to-5 workday & work-from-home options with enablement bonus at onboarding;
additional paid and unpaid time off including Sabbatical leave;
learning and growth opportunities based on individual development and career plans;
unlimited access to various eLearning resources.

Business insight

We are convinced that people are drivers of change and that the world of tomorrow will be shaped by all their initiatives from the smallest to the most ambitious.

Whether you’re joining us for a period of months years or your entire career together we can have a positive impact on the future. Creating daring innovating and taking action are part of our DNA.

If you too want to be directly involved grow in a stimulating and caring environment feel useful on a daily basis and develop or strengthen your expertise you will feel right at home with us!

Still hesitating?

You should know that our employees can dedicate several days per year to solidarity actions during their working hours including sponsoring people struggling with their orientation or professional integration participating in the financial education of young apprentices and sharing their skills with charities. There are many ways to get involved.