BAT is evolving at pace - truly like no other organisation.

To achieve the ambition we have set for ourselves we are looking for colleagues who are ready to live our ethos every day. Come be a part of this journey!

JOB TITLE Relocation Coordinator

FUNCTION GBS ENA HR

CITY & COUNTRY Bucharest Romania

REPORTING TO HR Regional Global Mobility Manager

Role Summary

What are the key objectives and expectations from this role?

British American Tobacco Global Business Services currently has an exciting opportunity for a Relocation Coordinator joining us on a permanent basis in our offices in Bucharest.

The Relocation Coordinator is primarily responsible for managing the relocation services for our Assignees. The role holder operates as a strategic business partner of our Assignees providing them with an extraordinary level of support.

Accountabilities
Single point of accountability for Assignees throughout their relocation process (end to end);
Initiates and Coordinates the responsible vendors Shipping House Search Cultural Orientation School search Language lessons Bank account etc for ensuring the relocation process (end to end);
Conducts a full briefing call on requirements with the Assignees;
Builds up close working relationships with the Assignees and Global Vendors;
Provides specialist technical expertise through the processing of relocation activities for BAT's global population in accordance with corporate policies and guidelines;
Ensures compliance with legal fiscal and regulatory changes in relocation activities;
Timely and accurately records updates into the company operating system as per company procedures;
Supports case execution by ensuring that documentation is produced in line with process guidelines and procedures and by maintaining data in different systems;
Resolves complex queries which involve a detailed explanation of Relocation policy processes or procedures;
Managing and organising a caseload of files independently;
Identifies opportunities to improve specialist services and processes and escalates appropriately.
Experience Skills Knowledge
At least 3 years experience in Relocation Services management would be a plus;
Previous experience with SAP would be a plus;
Excellent communication and customer service skills;
Consultative and pro-active approach;
Strong attention to detail and accuracy with data management;
Problem solving skills;
Solid planning and organizing skills;
Project Management skills;
Priority setting skills;
Fluency in English.
WE ARE BAT

At BAT we are committed to our Purpose of creating A Better Tomorrow. This is what drives our people and our passion for innovation. See what is possible for you at BAT.
Global Top Employer with 53000 BAT people across more than 180 markets
Brands sold in over 200 markets made in 44 factories in 42 countries
Newly established Tech Hubs building world-class capabilities for innovation in 4 strategic locations
Diversity leader in the Financial Times and International Women’s Day Best Practice winner
Seal Award winner – one of 50 most sustainable companies
BELONGING ACHIEVING TOGETHER

Collaboration diversity and teamwork underpin everything we do here at BAT. We know that collaborating with colleagues from different backgrounds is what makes us stronger and best prepared to meet our business goals. Come bring your difference!