Grow Faster.
We’re always looking for the ones truly passionate about their work. If you are amongst them you can rest assured there is a place for you in eMAG. We grew very fast and we are determined to keep doing so. What brought us here is our desire for continuous evolution and practical results.
At eMAG a set of strong principles guide our daily work: we understand the client we think like a successful entrepreneur we make decisions supported by data we assess the impact of our projects we act responsibly we support each other and we grow with the business. They define us and help us become the favorite shopping destination for our clients.
Almost 6000 people are working now in eMAG. We strongly believe in people development and therefore every year we invest more and more energy and resources to remain an organization that is constantly learning. We want to make sure that you’ll have the most talented colleagues as well as the proper environment to grow and achieve great results to become what you desire on a personal and professional level.

Team Leader Technical Support (eMAG Marketplace)

eMAG makes its platform available to external companies which sell their products through our website which are listed on eMAG and visible to all our customers. The Marketplace team takes care of everything that means the relationship with sellers starting from scratch: contracts terms of presence on eMAG payments listed products collaboration rules.
Our colleagues provide sellers with all the information they need to grow a successful business in the Marketplace. They track and analyze consumption trends contact potential sellers and help those present on the Marketplace to develop their business with us.
The primary responsibility of Marketplace Hunting teams is to ensure an efficient onboarding process for new sellers. We are divided into 4 main activities: Hunting domestic - outbound; Hunting international - outbound Account Support – inbound and Technical Support;

The Technical Support Team is providing support for seller listing and integration for all Hunting teams and plays a strategic role in the Marketplace Hunting Department.


Main responsibilities:

Lead by example with the ability to create and maintain good working relationships with sellers team members and other departments;
Manage both domestic and international technical integration flows for all integration models: API feed one-by-one;
Understand team goals (seller number integrated number of products listed content quality and SLA) plan and execute to deliver on department objectives and seller engagement;
Troubleshoot with seller and handle escalated complaints;
Monitoring track analyze report forecast and communicate achievement against SLAs and KPIs;
Ensure the high-quality seller integration before “go live”;
Support and steer from technical perspective all strategic integration projects: partners marketplaces and sellers;
Understand the current and future capabilities of the team ensuring the team have the skills and knowledge to carry out their role effectively identifying any gaps and training needs and implementing the necessary training to address;
Recruiting and training for new staff; Be accessible to provide assistance and support and foster team work;
Demonstrate a positive attitude and create motivation;
Ensure a consistent approach is maintained across the team by providing coaching on a group and one to one basis;
Carrying out call quality monitoring and ensuring delivery exceeds expectations;
Regularly meet with team members to ensure that they are focused on delivering business objectives;
Provide assistance and support to other hunting departments; peers; Constant follow up on integration evolution (listing translation) together with the hunting team leads;
Develop business & processes and provide constant feedback recommendation and support for Business Analyst;

Requirements:

2+ years of experience in successfully leading and developing a team or 2+ years of Technical Support experience;
Highly analytical experience of implementing and managing KPIs;
Thorough understanding of company and department policies and procedures;
Leadership and decision making skills;
Adaptable and supportive of change;
Excellent written and verbal communication skills;
Coaching skills necessary to motivate and develop team members;
Strong problem solving and organizational skills;
Commitment to continue learning;
Demonstrate integrity;
Entrepreneurial skills.

Other information:

We know that benefits are important that's why at eMAG we offer you a few options to choose from:
Medical subscription for Medicover Medlife or Regina Maria.
A flexible budget that you can invest in yourself as you wish: meal tickets holiday tickets cultural vouchers private pension foreign language classes eMAG and Fashion Days gift cards access to World Class gym or even professional development classes.
You will receive different discounts from our partners - banking mobile dental medicine wellness or coffee shops.
You have access to the Bookster library.
You'll work in a friendly office. We redesigned our headquarters office to suit our new hybrid work model: we doubled the number of rooms destined for meetings and we equipped them with state-of-the-art technology to facilitate mixed meetings - online & offline.

Apply and if your experience will be considered suitable for the role you wish we will contact you by phone for more details.

eMAG Recruitment Team