Vibracoustic is part of the Freudenberg Group. The company ensures a smooth and quiet ride experience in every vehicle. We are driven by our purpose of adding comfort to mobility and providing the perfect solution for the NVH challenges of our automotive customers. As a leading supplier Vibracoustic is the right place for open-minded ambitious team-players with a hands-on mentality. Our innovative safe and dynamic working atmosphere offers many opportunities for your personal growth and development in a global network. Want to join the team?

Dej

Vibracoustic Romania SRL

You support our team as

Quality Engineer


Responsibilities

Elaborate procedures and register in quality management system
Conduct internal audits against standards
Management od quality documentation procedure
Prepares and implements 8D reports
APQP Tracking -handling tasks
PPAP documentation
Claims Investigation
G8D Report

Qualifications

University Level
2 Years in autuomotive industry
Technical knowledge
English - intermediate
Team Work

Some of your Benefits

Company shuttle bus: Company shuttle buses for easy connections

Diversity & Inclusion: Enter a diversity-driven world of innovation

Meal allowance: Allowance makes meals more affordable

Occupational safety: Safety as a top priority in all aspects of your work

Training / Career development: Programs to supercharge skills and expertise

Click here to go directly to our career page. Drive your career!

The Freudenberg Group is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion. Employment opportunities are available to all applicants and associates without regard to race color religion creed gender (including pregnancy childbirth breastfeeding or related medical conditions) gender identity or expression national origin ancestry age mental or physical disability genetic information marital status familial status sexual orientation protected military or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

Additional Information

+40 (364) 403812

anca.baciu@vibracoustic.com