Vibracoustic is part of the Freudenberg Group. The company ensures smooth and quiet journeys with any car. Our objective is to add comfort to mobility and provide the perfect solution to the noise and vibration (NVH) challenges that customers face. As one of the leading suppliers in the field Vibracoustic is ideal for ambitious visionary and practical customers. The innovative safe and dynamic work atmosphere offers our employees numerous opportunities for professional and personal development in a network that expands globally. Want to join our team?

Already

Vibracoustic Romania SRL

Support our team by filling the position of

Quality Engineer


responsibility

Develop procedures and register them in the quality management system
Conducts internal audits according to quality standards
Management of procedural quality documentation
Preparation and implementation of 8D reports
Control and fulfillment of tasks in APQP
Elaboration of PPAP documentation
Investigation and management of complaints
Report G8D

qualification

University level
2 years of experience in the automotive industry
Technical knowledge
English intermediate level
Technical drawing

Some of your advantages

Company-provided transfer bus: Company-provided transfer bus to facilitate travel

Diversity and Inclusion: Enter a world of diversity-driven innovation

Safety at work: Safety as a priority in all aspects of your work

Meal vouchers: Meal vouchers make meals more affordable

Training / Career Development: Programs to improve skills and expertise

Click here to directly access our Careers page. Drive your career!

The Freudenberg Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. Employment opportunities are available to all applicants and associates regardless of race color religion creed sex (including pregnancy birth breastfeeding or related medical conditions) gender identity or expression national origin ancestry age mental or physical disability genetic information marital status marital status sexual orientation military status or protected veteran or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

More information

+40 (364) 403812

anca.baciu@vibracoustic.com

Discover more about us

play_circle

cancel

Imagine here

See the larger map

autorenew