We are seeking recent graduates keen on staying connected to the scientific research in their areas of expertise by assisting worldwide academics in publishing their latest work in (our) peer-reviewed Open Access journals.

As an Assistant Editor at MDPI you will be responsible for coordinating the editorial process and meticulously processing manuscripts from submission until publication.

Successful candidates will have solid skills in organization and time management as well as relevant degrees in Life Sciences Chemistry or Medicine.

Our job openings for Assistant Editors in Romania are full-time positions based in Cluj.

As an Assistant Editor you will:
Support the editorial process for academic research journals centered on your domain of expertise
Organize peer-review evaluations for submitted manuscripts and coordinate editorial decisions
Be in charge of formatting manuscripts according to our in-house standards
Handle e-mail communication between the parties involved in the publication process
Collaborate with other members of the editorial and production teams
Ensure that scholarly articles are thoroughly edited and published according to tight deadlines and with a high degree of consistency

Requirements
Bachelor’s Master’s or PhD degree in the above-mentioned subjects
Advanced knowledge of MS office applications (Word Excel PowerPoint)
Strong skills in written and spoken English
Ability to multi-task and attention to detail
Strong organizational and time management skills
Strong communication and coordination skills
Professional experience with scholarship publishing is an advantage but not a requirement

Perks of Working with Us
International Experience
Making Connections in the Academic Community Worldwide
Attending International Conferences
Plenty of Growth Opportunities
Chill Corner and Great Coffee in the Office
Private Health Insurance
40% Discount to Maze Center of Psychology
Meal Tickets Card
Gifts on Special Occasions
The Most Helpful Team!



About MDPI
A pioneer in scholarly Open Access publishing MDPI has supported academic communities since 1996. Our mission is to foster open scientific exchange in all forms across all disciplines. We operate more than 300 diverse peer-reviewed Open Access journals supported by over 35500 academic editors. We serve scholars from around the world to ensure the latest research is openly and broadly available.

MDPI is headquartered in Basel Switzerland with additional offices in Europe Asia and North America (Canada). We are committed to ensuring that high-quality research is made available as quickly as possible. We also support sustainability projects as key themes in many journals as well as through the MDPI Sustainability Foundation.

MDPI Romania was opened in 2019 with its first office and headquarters in Cluj-Napoca. Its impressive growth has led to the inauguration of a second office in Bucharest in late 2020. With a growing team of over 500 young people we’re witnessing a continuous development both of our people and services.