We push boundaries and move fast globally to stay ahead of the game. As market leader we continuously deliver innovation and digital solutions that can bring beauty to all people around the world. L’Oréal truly embraces entrepreneurship and you’ll have the chance to conceptualize ideas and bring them to life in an agile way. Your job will be your own innovation playground.

We want to hire great people with unexpected ideas the ability to challenge the status quo and who are ready to shape and disrupt the future of beauty. “Run it as your own business” is our mantra. Got what it takes?

We are looking for a new E-Commerce Activation Specialist in our Professional Products Division*

Role: In charge of ensuring optimal consumer experience on e-commerce sites guaranteeing excellent brand expression

responsible for Developing holistic category management approach Promotional & Customer activations (excl. P&L) PDP/BP optimization customer journey category development

Site optimisation
Drives business results by leveraging web analytics: oversee website analytics data to control best product placement online
Drives sales conversion margin inventory turn site optimization and manage web KPI (e.g. category conversion Average Order Value abandon cart)
Provides feedback as necessary to involved stakeholders (such as Sales e-commerce & brand teams)
Merchandises website products based on current and forecasted sales objectives key seasons and website selling data
Maximizes sales performance through data analysis and product placement on the website
Improves and ensures best consumer experienceon clients’ sites –influence third party website owners to improve customer experience
Ensures excellent brand expression and ensures a category coherence vs the marketing plan
Competitor & industry tracking
Realize online competitive intelligence to maintain the brand’s competitive advantage
Gathers latest insights on consumer behaviour and journey and ensures implementation in content development
Category Development
Analyses category development and develops plans to ensure growth
Requirements
1-2 years experience in digital/marketing previous experience in e-commerce is a +
Proficient in Microsoft Excel Power Point & Outlook
Excellent communicator both in Romanian and English (written & spoken)
Good Project Management Skills
Good analytical & communication skills
Business results orientation
Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time
Passionate about E-commerce // Digital Communication
Collaborative attitude
Perfectionist at driving qualitative work outcome & attentive to details
Strong understanding of online user behaviour
Awareness of digital trends
the role will be on temporary contract until July 2023.