THE OPPORTUNITY

We are looking for lawyers at the Junior Associate level to join our dynamic team in Bucharest.

We understand that you’re building a future. Which is why we encourage you to reach your full potential and to explore the opportunities and choices that shape your individual career journey. This is your opportunity to think outside the box be innovative and drive change to deliver exceptional results to our global client base.

ABOUT YOU

Member of the Bucharest Bar as of 2021/2022 and an excellent academic track record
Native Romanian speaker with excellent command of English (verbal and written)
Enthusiasm to embrace challenging projects
Strong analytical and interpersonal skills
Pro-active flexible and a team player
The ability to flourish in a dynamic demanding yet rewarding environment
Enthusiasm to learn and develop oneself are highly appreciated and fully supported (including via internal programs / academies)

If you are looking to take a step up in your career this is a fantastic opportunity for you to join DLA Piper a leading global business law firm and be part of our success. You will be part of an inclusive approachable and supportive team with a global mind-set celebrating our international coverage and delivering the highest standard of legal advice and service excellence across borders.

OUR VALUES

In everything we do connected with our People our Clients and our Communities we live by these values:

Be Supportive - we are compassionate and inclusive valuing diversity and act thoughtfully
Be Collaborative - we are proactive passionate team players investing in our relationships
Be Bold - we are fearless and inquisitive challenging ourselves to think big and find creative new solutions
Be Exceptional - we are strategic and driven exceeding standards and expectations

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

At DLA Piper diversity and inclusion underpins how we live our values and everything we do. We believe that everyone has a voice and that everyone’s voice counts. We know that the rich diversity across our firm makes us stronger more innovative and creative which helps us to better serve our clients and communities. We are committed to providing an inclusive working environment and culture across our global firm where everyone can bring their authentic self to work.

Diversity of perspective thought background and culture combine to make us the leading global law firm; that’s why we actively seek to build balanced teams. We welcome the unique contribution that you will bring to our firm and actively encourage applications from all talented people – however your talent is packaged whatever your background or circumstance and regardless of how you identify.

We support anyone with a disability or long term health condition to ensure they have the opportunity to perform at their best. If you have not done so already please let us know if you require any support so we can make the right adjustments and considerations should they be required.

AGILE WORKING

We recognise that people have responsibilities and interests outside of their career and that as a business we all benefit from working flexibly. That's why we are open to discussing with candidates the different ways in which we are able to support requests for agile working arrangements.

PRE-ENGAGEMENT SCREENING

In the event that we make an offer to you and where local legislation permits we will conduct pre-engagement screening checks that may include but are not limited to your professional and academic qualifications your eligibility to work in the relevant jurisdiction any criminal records your financial stability and references from previous employers.