What are you like?

A mobile gamer: you understand games and understand gamers. You constantly play games and try to beat them using their own rules
A strategy fan: from Age of Empires to the newest 4x mobile games you have extensive knowledge of the strategy genre especially on mobile
Diligent: you have played our games at least a bit: https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=8081264977535938266
QA Lead experience is a plus
Empathic: you understand the player’s issues and fight for them
Autonomous: you will fulfill your tasks with little supervision even when working remotely.
Good at communicating: from bug reports to feedback on specs. Oral and writing. English 1st Romanian is a plus.
Technical: you know SQL and are willing to improve your query writing skills with guidance from our server devs

Job description

We are looking to expand our team with a true QA Tester Hero. As our next colleague you are willing to understand the complex mechanics governing our online game-worlds and hunt down those pesky bugs. You will be working closely with the Product Managers and Developers and will act as a guardian of the games so our players can have all the fun they deserve. You will chaperon our outsourced QA resources making sure they deliver outstanding results.

If you have experience under your belt we're looking forward to learning from you. If not we'll get you started in the gaming industry but don't expect to be pampered: you will relentlessly ask questions pick the brains of your senior colleagues and steal all the knowledge that you can. What is important is that you have a passion for games and are willing to learn all the intricacies of game development.

What role will you play?

Work in our Bucharest office or remotely on strategy mobile games along with your peers and our remote QA team
Optimizie our QA pipeline in order to improve the quality of our games.
Keep a close relation with our players in order to understand their issues and help solve them

What we offer

A genuinely fun working environment and fun colleagues
A nice office with a rooftop right at Universitate evening drinks and breakfast.
Flexible policy to work from home office or even beach.
Actually contribute to making games. We're a small team where nobody is just a cog in large machines
Work on successful titles. Our games are featured by Apple Google and are commercially successful
Tickets to industry conferences abroad
Health Insurance team buildings and other benefits packs

About eRepublik Labs

In a nutshell we're a close-knit gang of avid strategy gamers weird IT geniuses and sailing boat enthusiasts. We take games very seriously we question every rule out there and thrive under constraints.

Founded in 2007 eRepublik Labs is a prize-winning games studio based in Bucharest that gifts you moments of fun and inspires grit through games you can play with friends on any device. Our first game "eRepublik.com" was a pioneer in online free to play browser games when it launched at the end of 2007. More than 7 million players worldwide have enjoyed it’s unique universe over the years.

eRepublik Labs is recognized by Google Play as one of its top developers in the world (all our games carry the "Top Developer" badge) and our games have often been selected for featuring both on App Store and Play Store.