BAT is evolving at pace - truly like no other organization.

To achieve the ambition we have set for ourselves we are looking for colleagues who are ready to live our ethos every

day. Come be a part of this journey!

EXTERNAL JOB TITLE Intercompany Finance Analyst

GRADE Non-management

FUNCTION Global Business Services

SUB FUNCTION Global Intercompany Team

CITY & COUNTRY Bucharest Romania

ROLE POSITIONING AND OBJECTIVES

This role is part of GBS Finance Intercompany Global Team-Record to Report department.

The role is responsible for performing the processing of information within the R2R function with a focus on driving a consistent and right performance to hit the world class R2R Operational KPIs targets with a main focus on building good relationship with EM and GBS key stakeholders

Reports to Team Leader

Geographic Scope Global

What You Will Be Accountable For
Investigate the intercompany Mismatches and escalate according to the escalation path in place.
Perform intercompany reconciliations thru Blackline and balance confirmation to ensure all intercompany transactions are agreed and recorded accurately.
Prepare recurring and ad-hoc reports as per agreed timeline to facilitate end markets’ review and analysis.
Perform G/L accounts clearing and JVU postings.
Response to queries in a timely and efficient manner to promote a customer-orientated culture in GBS.
Ensure KPI figures are met as per agreed SLA with end markets.
Support onboarding process for new employees; Actively attend and participate to the enrolled trainings and meetings.
Ensure monthly clearing of Open Items is performed as per targets in place
Provide support during audit when it is requested by the team leader/manager
Develop and maintain working relationships with stakeholders within GBS (colleagues).
CAN THIS BE YOUR FUTURE ROLE?
Did you work before with Balance Sheet P&L
Essential Experience Skills And Knowledge
Financial Analysis
Understanding the financial practices applicable to the daily task
Continuous improvement approach
Planning and prioritizing
Process compliance and optimization
Business partnership thinking
Ability to work under tight deadlines
MS Office – good level of knowledge and usage;
Able to extract reports from the electronic systems they use in the daily activity;
Coordinate own activities and projects;
At least 1 years’ experience in a global FMCG or a similar environment;
Knowledge of the SAP platform is a plus.
WE ARE BAT

At BAT we are committed to our Purpose of creating A Better Tomorrow. This is what drives our people and our passion for innovation. See what is possible for you at BAT.
Global Top Employer with 53000 BAT people across more than 180 markets
Brands sold in over 200 markets made in 44 factories in 42 countries
Newly established Tech Hubs building world-class capabilities for innovation in 4 strategic locations
Diversity leader in the Financial Times and International Women’s Day Best Practice winner
Seal Award winner – one of 50 most sustainable companies
BELONGING ACHIEVING TOGETHER

Collaboration diversity and teamwork underpin everything we do here at BAT. We know that collaborating with colleagues from different backgrounds is what makes us stronger and best prepared to meet our business goals. Come bring your difference!