Travelport is a place of opportunity. It’s our incredible team that makes our company great – our people drive our winning culture.

What’s Travelport?
Travelport is a worldwide travel retail platform that provides easy ways for businesses like airlines hotels and car rental companies to connect through personalized content to agencies and travelers. The world is changing and our industry must change with it. We’re leading the change; we are the change.
We are on a mission to power the future of travel; come join us.

What does a great Premier Helpdesk Analyst do?
Provide Helpdesk support of the full Travelport product range on both functional as well as technical issues.
Manage incidents from our omnichannel offerings that include but are not limited to; phone web submit chat and email.
Identify and correctly troubleshoot all problems reported to minimise the impact on customers.
Resolve problems reported by customers locally or refer to the correct service provider for rapid resolution within the Travelport escalation procedures.
Adhere to resolution/escalation times to minimise the impact on our customers and continually strive for improved performance.
Continuously increase Travelport application knowledge to rapidly identify and resolve problems reported.
Report problems via our Incident Management System. Monitor and track these incidents through to valid updates/resolutions.
Assist with identifying trends that can be used to increase customer satisfaction.
Ownership and commitment to problem resolution for Premier customers.
Ensure all calls/incidents are handled promptly courteously accurately and within Travelport policy.
Provide coherent and intelligent problem descriptions to enable the incident to be referred to outside suppliers or other teams without further reference.
Promote Travelport self-service options to customers including MyTravelport.

Who we are looking for in this role:
At least 2 years knowledge of working experience within a travel agency tour operator or airline environment.
Extensive GDS knowledge – Galileo preferred but will consider expertise in Amadeus or Sabre.
Experience with CETS or any other leisure tool is welcome but not required.
Strong team player with excellent Hungarian & English language/communication skills
Ability to develop strong customer relationships through a collaborative consultative reliable and empathetic approach.

Our ambition is to hire for potential not just experience and you’re likely to succeed if you:
Are always ready to give it your all and deliver high quality work
Are excited to use your creativity and innovative thinking to try new things
Take responsibility and own your work
Are courageous and ambitious to challenge what’s been done before

These are just a few of our employee’s favourite benefits/perks…

Interested? We’d love for you to get in touch!*

About Us
Travelport is a worldwide travel retail platform. Our next-generation virtual marketplace connects travel buyers and travel sellers that share our passion for delivering exceptional travel experiences.
Unconflicted and independent we are re-inventing a simpler future for travel’s complex ecosystem.
Our platform gives the industry the power to help people see the world. We make it simple for businesses like airlines hotels and car rental companies to connect to agencies and travelers through personalized and engaging content.
We are a diverse and inclusive workforce representative of the communities and customers we serve. We are socially responsible and we give back to our communities.
We encourage our people to think differently and have the courage confidence and ambition to challenge what has been done before.
Travelport is on a mission to make Travel easier and more rewarding for everyone.

About the Team
Our Agency Sales team work with travel agencies travel management companies and major corporations. Their role is to help those businesses serve their customers as well as they can – offering the best content and the best experience for travelers. The more satisfied agency customers we have the more attractive we will be to content providers such as airlines railways hotels and car rental companies.

*Please note that if your application is progressed you may be asked to complete a self-recorded video interview at a time that works best for you. This is your chance to bring your skills & experience to life in your own words and style. Ensure you keep an eye on your junk folder just in case our invitation finds its way there.*