About TMF Group:

TMF Group is a leading provider of critical administrative services helping clients invest and operate safely around the world. We provide legal financial and employee administration through TMF Group’s teams in 120 offices.

About the role:


As the Accounting Trainee you will support the Accounting and Tax team on a day-to-day basis with a portfolio of corporate clients for whom TMF provides accounting services. You will be assisting our highly skilled accounting professionals in the day-to-day financial activities. Since this is a trainee position you will be provided with regular training and updates for the technical skills and qualifications that are necessary to perform the job.


Your responsibilities will include but will not be limited to:

Assist in prepare clients’ monthly vouchers and financial report;
Assist in prepare bank reconciliation sheet and report package for clients’ monthly closing;
Assist in bookkeeping to ensure accuracy and punctuality of daily bookkeeping and cash flow record for clients;
Assist in processing monthly tax declaration including business tax individual income tax additional tax etc. for clients;
Coordinate and arrange daily cash expenditure and bank transaction;
Other ad hoc assignments.

About you:


The ideal candidate will be well-versed in accounting principles. You possess an analytical acumen and are good with numbers and figures. You also have a great attention to detail followed by good organizing abilities


Ideally you are meeting following hiring criteria:

Bachelor’s degree majoring in finance accounting or related disciplines;
Working experience is not a must - any type of internship in accounting field would be considered as a great plus;
CPA or ACCA holder is an advantage;
Good command of English and computer skills;
A good team player with excellent interpersonal and analytical skills


What's in it for you?

Monthly meal tickets
Progressive annual free days correlated with individual work history
1 additional vacation day with the birthday occasion
Bonus for Easter Christmas and summer holidays
Subscription to private medical services for you and your children paid by the company and possibility to enroll other family members at the same price
Flexible working hours including short Friday working day
Subscription to private library services
Special conditions for sports & wellness networks
Partnership with private dental clinic (special discounts for TMF employees)
Pizza Team Day