It takes the brightest minds to be a technology leader. It takes imagination to create green energy for the generations to come. At Siemens Gamesa we make real what matters join our global team.

Siemens Gamesa has a vision for renewable energy: we believe in the power of nature and technology. Help us to be ready to face the energy challenges of tomorrow and make a green footprint – join the team in creating a better future for us on our planet.

We focus on hiring the best people wherever they may be in the world. We pride ourselves on the flexibility we offer to our employees and are committed to building a workforce that can grow with the company. Siemens Gamesa is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

In our culture of trust we focus on empowerment diversity and continuous learning. Valuing our people is what makes us one global team with our colleagues’ safety at the heart of our organization.

We a looking for a new Service Technician to mainly work in our wind farm in Baragan.

How To Contribute To Our Vision

As our Service Technician your tasks will be to keep an overview and maintain the daily activity on the site / wind farm include maintaining a good communication and subordination relationship with the wind farm supervisor. Here you will perform service and monitor activities on site / wind farm including preventive and corrective maintenance activities for electrical mechanical hydraulic and automation installations. Ensuring the maintenance of order and safety at work in the wind turbine in the power station in the warehouse of materials and spare parts.

More specific your tasks will be to check the working tools / SDV and the spare parts to be sure of their integrity of the operational capacity before starting the activity. Here you will be monitoring tools vehicles protective equipment (PPE). You will be responsible for vehicles protective equipment and spare parts and SDV and additionally measurement and control of the equipment.

More so you will be responsible of preparing work reports and that the company HSE rules are followed and respected on site.

What You Need To Make a Difference

Passion for renewable energy and a sense for the importance to lead the change. We are also looking for…

You have an education background within Electrical Electrotechnical Electromechanical or Mechanical where you have gained solid theoretical knowledge.

You have a minimum of 2-3 years of experience in the Electrical and / or Mechanical field and / or minimum of 3 years of experience in the operation and maintenance of wind turbines where you have gained great practical knowledge in the field. Ideally you have gained Mechanical electrical automation and hydraulic knowledge and more over great knowledge of industrial measurement and control processes throughout your professional experience.

More So You Have
Excellent computer / tablet operating knowledge MSO package (Word Excel PPT Access etc.)
Driving license category B
Knowledge of English - level A2
Great communication and collaboration skills
Ability to learn adapt and work in a team
Most importantly you are medically fit to work at height and prepared to work under stressing conditions (high / low temperatures; noises narrow spaces etc.)

It is an advantage if you have certificates of technical courses in the field of wind turbine maintenance and valid HSE certificates (e.g. GWO) and/or ANRE electrician certification.

In return of your commitment we offer you…

Become a part of our mission for sustainability: Clean energy for generations to come. We are a global team of diverse colleagues who share a passion for renewable energy and have a culture of trust and empowerment to make our own ideas a reality. We focus on personal and professional development to grow internally within our organization. Siemens Gamesa offers a wide variety of benefits such as flexible working hours as well as home-office possibility for many colleagues employer-funded pension attractive remuneration package (fixed/variable) and local benefits such as subsided lunch employee discounts and much more

Empowering our people

https://www.siemensgamesa.com/sustainability/employees

How do you imagine the future?

https://youtu.be/12Sm678tjuY

Our global team is on the front line of tackling the climate crisis reducing carbon emissions – the greatest challenge we face.

Other Information

If you have specific questions about the position please contact the hiring manager William Vikatos via phone +30 697 640 7644

For further information regarding the recruitment process please send the recruiting team an email via aysu.gunduz.ext@siemensgamesa.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.

Please apply in English via the apply button.

We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may NOT be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation.

Siemens Gamesa is an equal opportunity employer and maintains a work environment that is free from discrimination and where employees are treated with dignity and respect. Employment at Siemens Gamesa is based solely on an individual's merit and qualifications which are directly related to job competence. Siemens Gamesa does not discriminate against any employee or job applicant on the basis of race ethnicity nationality ancestry genetic information citizenship religion age gender gender identity/expression sexual orientation pregnancy marital status disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws rules or regulations. We adhere to these principles in all aspects of employment including recruiting hiring training compensation promotion and benefits.



We are driven by people - from more than 100 different countries they build the company we are every day. Our diverse and inclusive culture encourages us to think outside the box speak without fear and be bold. We value the flexibility that our smart-working arrangements our digital disconnection framework and our family-friendly practices bring to the new way of working.