Join a team recognized for leadership innovation and diversity

The Future Is What We Make It.

When you join Honeywell you become a member of our global team of thinkers innovators dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future. That means changing the way we fly fueling jets in an eco-friendly way keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.

Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.

Are you ready to help us make the future?

We have an opportunity for a Customer Experience Professional in our Performance Material & Technologies (PMT) department in Bucharest.

Responsibilities
Provides support to the teams in the Back Office administrative office and represents the additional interface with internal clients but also with external ones when necessary
Takes initiative in a professional manner on administrative tasks and coordinates with local offices for tasks that cannot be performed remotely
Works as part of the team involved in processes from one end to the other and contributes to the team's results
Contributes to the successful integration of each new employee/ member of the region through specific training and assistance
Accounts successfully in a timely manner and ensures the maintenance during the life cycle of all orders/ contracts/ projects in systems
Works closely with all relevant departments including sales procurement supply and operations departments to ensure the standardization efficiency and effectiveness of the processes
Works in line with the policy guidelines and global processes
Meets the objectives of the department/ team and the behavioral objectives of the company Honeywell
Qualification And Experience
Preferably a Bachelor's or MBA degree
Very good level on Italian language
Preferably at least 3 years of experience in the Customer Relations field and proof of providing exceptional services to the customers
Working experience in a multidisciplinary team
Operational experience and a good understanding of operational activity to inspire the One-Honeywell approach
Knows the main objectives of the commercial activity
Good knowledge of Salesforce applications
Good knowledge of SAP ERP application
Good knowledge of Microsoft Office applications
We Offer
A culture that fosters inclusion diversity and innovation
Market specific training and ongoing personal development
Career growth opportunities
Experienced leaders to support your professional development
International work environment
Medical plan provided by Omniasig
Meal allowance
Budget for flexible benefit scheme which can be used for travel sports dental scheme and others
If this is your dream role then we'd love to hear from you.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation age marital status veteran status or disability status.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform crucial job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Additional Information
JOB ID: HRD180984
Category: Customer Experience
Location: 3 George ConstantinescuUpground building 5th floor (entrance A) District 2BucharestBUCURESTI020339Romania
Nonexempt
Engineering (GLOBAL)